[Music]
[Music] some 59
some 59
some 59 chief musician said to do not destroy a
chief musician said to do not destroy a
chief musician said to do not destroy a Mick time of David when Saul sent men
Mick time of David when Saul sent men
Mick time of David when Saul sent men and they watched the house in order to
and they watched the house in order to
and they watched the house in order to kill him deliver me from my enemies oh
kill him deliver me from my enemies oh
kill him deliver me from my enemies oh my god
my god
my god defend me from those who rise up against
defend me from those who rise up against
defend me from those who rise up against me deliver me from the workers of
me deliver me from the workers of
me deliver me from the workers of iniquity and save me from bloodthirsty
iniquity and save me from bloodthirsty
iniquity and save me from bloodthirsty men for look they lie in wait for my
men for look they lie in wait for my
men for look they lie in wait for my life
life
life the mighty gather against me not for my
the mighty gather against me not for my
the mighty gather against me not for my transgression nor for my sin Oh Lord
transgression nor for my sin Oh Lord
transgression nor for my sin Oh Lord they run and prepare themselves through
they run and prepare themselves through
they run and prepare themselves through no fault of mine awake to help me and
no fault of mine awake to help me and
no fault of mine awake to help me and behold you therefore O Lord God of hosts
behold you therefore O Lord God of hosts
behold you therefore O Lord God of hosts the God of Israel awake to punish all
the God of Israel awake to punish all
the God of Israel awake to punish all the nations do not be merciful to any
the nations do not be merciful to any
the nations do not be merciful to any wicked transgressors an evening they
wicked transgressors an evening they
wicked transgressors an evening they return they growl like a dog and go all
return they growl like a dog and go all
return they growl like a dog and go all around the city
around the city
around the city indeed they built with their mouths
indeed they built with their mouths
indeed they built with their mouths swords are in their lips for they say
swords are in their lips for they say
swords are in their lips for they say who hears but you O Lord shall laugh at
who hears but you O Lord shall laugh at
who hears but you O Lord shall laugh at them you shall have all the nations in
them you shall have all the nations in
them you shall have all the nations in derision I will wait for you o you his
derision I will wait for you o you his
derision I will wait for you o you his strength for God is my defense my God of
strength for God is my defense my God of
strength for God is my defense my God of mercy shall come to meet me God shall
mercy shall come to meet me God shall
mercy shall come to meet me God shall let me see my desire on my enemies do
let me see my desire on my enemies do
let me see my desire on my enemies do not slay them lest my people forget
not slay them lest my people forget
not slay them lest my people forget scatter them by your power and bring
scatter them by your power and bring
scatter them by your power and bring them down Oh Lord our shield for the sin
them down Oh Lord our shield for the sin
them down Oh Lord our shield for the sin of their mouth and the words of their
of their mouth and the words of their
of their mouth and the words of their lips let them even be taken in their
lips let them even be taken in their
lips let them even be taken in their pride and for the cursing and lying
pride and for the cursing and lying
pride and for the cursing and lying which they speak
which they speak
which they speak seen them in Wrath consumed them that
seen them in Wrath consumed them that
seen them in Wrath consumed them that they may not be and let them know that
they may not be and let them know that
they may not be and let them know that God rules in Jacob to the ends of the
God rules in Jacob to the ends of the
God rules in Jacob to the ends of the earth in an evening they return they
earth in an evening they return they
earth in an evening they return they ground like a dog and go all around the
ground like a dog and go all around the
ground like a dog and go all around the city they wander up and down for food
city they wander up and down for food
city they wander up and down for food and howl if they are not satisfied but I
and howl if they are not satisfied but I
and howl if they are not satisfied but I will sing of your power yes I will sing
will sing of your power yes I will sing
will sing of your power yes I will sing aloud of your mercy in the morning for
aloud of your mercy in the morning for
aloud of your mercy in the morning for you have been my defence and refuge in
you have been my defence and refuge in
you have been my defence and refuge in the day of my trouble to you o my
the day of my trouble to you o my
the day of my trouble to you o my strength I will sing praises for God is
strength I will sing praises for God is
strength I will sing praises for God is my defense my God of mercy
my defense my God of mercy
my defense my God of mercy [Music]